aze-x-bible-latin.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/AZEBSA/GN1.html
aii-x-bible.txt	https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/AIIWBT/MT1.html
arp-x-bible.txt	https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ARPLUK/LK1.html
att-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ATTANT/MT1.html
bch-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BCHWBT/MT1.html
bco-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BCOPNT/AC1.html
bea-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BEAOOT/MK1.html
byr-x-bible-wagama.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BYRWBT/MT1.html
clu-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/CLUMBB/MT1.html
eko-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/EKOWBT/GN1.html
glk-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/GLKGLK/JN1.html
kde-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KDEMNT/MT1.html
kje-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KJEKNT/MT1.html
kkl-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KKLWBT/GN1.html
lbb-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/LBBWBT/MK1.html
mgh-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MGHWBT/GN1.html
nyu-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/NYUWBT/JH1.html
omw-x-bible-aatasara.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/OMWAAT/MK1.html
ons-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ONSONT/MT1.html
poy-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/POYPNT/MT1.html
quc-x-bible-cantel.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/QUCWBT/MT1.html
ruf-x-bibile.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/RUFPWW/MT1.html
seh-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/SEHWBT/MK1.html
