abx-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ABXWBT/MT1.html
agt-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/AGTWBT/MT1.html
aii-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/AIIWBT/PS1.html
amf-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/AMFSIM/MT1.html
amk-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/AMKWBT/MT1.html
amn-x-bible-naineri.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/AMNNAI/MT1.html
arp-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ARPLUK/LK1.html
atb-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ATBWBT/MT1.html
atd-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ATDWBT/MT1.html
att-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ATTANT/MT1.html
aze-x-bible-latin.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/AZEBSA/GN1.html
bch-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BCHWBT/GN1.html
bco-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BCOPNT/AC1.html
bea-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BEAOOT/MK1.html
bgs-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BGSWBT/GN1.html
bkd-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BKDWBT/MT1.html
blw-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BLWWBT/MT1.html
byr-x-bible-wagama.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/BYRWBT/MT1.html
cak-x-bible-chimaltenango.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/CAKSOU/MT1.html
cbk-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/CBKWBT/MT1.html
chk-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/CHKBSM/GN1.html
clu-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/CLUMBB/MT1.html
cwe-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/CWEPBT/MT1.html
dgc-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/DGCWBT/MT1.html
ebk-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/EBKWBT/MT1.html
eko-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/EKOWBT/GN1.html
ffm-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/FFMWBT/MT1.html
fue-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/FUESIM/MT1.html
fuh-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/FUHSIM/MT1.html
geb-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/GEBPBT/MT1.html
glk-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/GLKGLK/JN1.html
heg-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/HEGWBT/GN1.html
hin-x-bible-easy.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/HNDWTC/GN1.html
ikk-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/IKKWBT/MT1.html
ikw-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/IKWWBT/MT1.html
ilo-x-bible-popular.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ILOMBC/GN1.html
ilo-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ILOAB3/GN1.html
jiv-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/JIVAIE/MT1.html
kdc-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KDCPBT/MT1.html
kde-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KDEMNT/MT1.html
kje-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KJEKNT/MT1.html
kkl-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KKLWBT/GN1.html
kmk-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KMKWBT/MT1.html
knf-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KNFWBT/GN1.html
kwd-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/KWDWBT/MT1.html
lbb-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/LBBWBT/MK1.html
lbk-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/LBKWBT/GN1.html
mbs-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MBSWBT/GN1.html
mcp-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MCPWBT/MT1.html
mgh-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MGHWBT/GN1.html
mic-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MICCBS/MT1.html
mkn-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MKNUBB/GN1.html
mpp-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MPPWBT/MT1.html
msb-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MSBWBT/MT1.html
msk-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MSKWBT/MT1.html
mvn-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/MVNJLB/MT1.html
nhr-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/NHRBSB/MT1.html
noa-x-bible-2011.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/NOAWBE/MT1.html
npi-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/NEPWTC/GN1.html
nyu-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/NYUWBT/JH1.html
omw-x-bible-aatasara.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/OMWAAT/MK1.html
ons-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ONSONT/MT1.html
plu-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/PLUWBT/MT1.html
pma-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/PMAWBT/RT1.html
pon-x-bible-new.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/PONPSA/PS1.html
pon-x-bible-new.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/PONPSA/PS1.html
pon-x-bible-old.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/PONPJA/PS1.html
pon-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/PONSSP/GN1.html
poy-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/POYPNT/MT1.html
quc-x-bible-cantel.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/QUCWBT/MT1.html
ruf-x-bibile.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/RUFPWW/MT1.html
sbe-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/SBEWBT/MT1.html
seh-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/SEHWBT/MK1.html
yre-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/YREWBT/MT1.html
zaa-x-bible.txt http://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ZAATBL/MT1.html
zyp-x-bible.txt https://bible.cloud/inscript/content/texts/ZYPWBT/MT1.html
